[Music]
tip half a lemon and baking soda and the
result will amaze you just what do you
know about lemons that you should eat
them when you have a cold but is that
all what about the fact that lemons are
berries lemon trees which can grow as
tall as 20 feet are very fertile they
harvest all the year round and can
produce more than 600 pounds of lemons a
year there is a shark named in honor of
lemons the lemon shark all because of
its yellowish color are you properly
intrigued by this sour cutie watch the
video till the end and you'll find
several more curious and quite unusual
facts about lemons remember to press the
like button if you haven't heard some of
them before but right now let's speak
not about lemons but about their
combination with baking soda a simple
recipe of half a lemon dipped in baking
soda has caused a lot of discussion and
controversial opinions and the reason
for such debates was the idea that this
combination is effective in the ongoing
struggle against cancer it is true that
lemon and baking soda have an
antioxidant effect and alkalizing
properties but many specialists are
doubtful that the combination of these
products will be able to cure cancer or
prevent it completely however studies
have shown that lemon juice for example
is a very effective means of fighting
against carcinogenic cells it reduces
oxidative stress in your whole body
therefore lowering the risk of cancer
baking soda in turn is known for its
ability to regulate pH levels it means
that it can counteract the acidity your
body accumulates which is one of the
main reasons of cancer this disease
tends to thrive in the acidic
environment baking soda also detoxifies
the body and heals it from exposure to
radiation and oxidative damage everyone
has heard about numerous modern health
remedies gaining popularity at an
alarming speed their fame is often
short-lived while baking soda with lemon
dates several decades back why do people
persist in using this combination for
supporting and improving their health
it can assist you in the process of
weight loss there is enough evidence
that the drink provides better endurance
and more energy during workouts it will
affect your metabolism speed very
positively as a result your weight will
start to decrease lemon with baking soda
will provide cleansing for your body
lemon in particular is a diuretic it
stimulates your body to urinate
therefore the excess of water salts
toxins and fats is expelled your kidneys
will be eternally grateful for the
assistance some stress and pressure this
organ experiences daily will be reduced
this combination can also be used for
dental care
be careful it's abrasive qualities may
harm the teeth if you try to use this
mixture for whitening them but it can
still help you to reduce teeth stains
and decrease the acidity levels in your
mouth lemon combined with baking soda
improves digestion it works as a perfect
antacid reducing bloating heartburn
cramping and other symptoms of
indigestion the drink prevents
inflammation in the gut boosting both
its health and your immune system lemon
baking soda drink prevents the negative
effect free radicals have on your body
the result it is very beneficial for
your skin as it can slow down the signs
of aging surprise your skin with a
healthy glow and reduce the speed at
which wrinkles appear it can also
contribute to your heart health the
research has shown that if you drink
water with baking soda and lemon it will
regulate your bad cholesterol levels
what is more it will make the levels of
good cholesterol better which will
decrease your chances to develop
atherosclerosis all this will lead to
the reduction of the risk of a heart
attack and stroke one more positive
outcome you will notice after drinking
water with lemon and baking soda is the
strengthening of your immune system its
ability to increase the alkalinity of
your body leads to the prevention of
acidic conditions
another benefit of the mixture of lemon
and baking soda when they work as an
alkalizer
is their assistance to your kidneys if
these organs aren't capable of removing
all the harmful acid from your body or
if there is too much acid produced this
drink will be a great help if you start
your morning drinking a glass of this
remedy you will be able to purify your
liver receive a healthy dose of
potassium vitamin C and different
antioxidants how to prepare this magic
drink nothing can be easier take a glass
of mineral water add a teaspoon of
baking soda squeeze juice from half a
lemon to the same glass drink it in the
morning on an empty stomach for a better
effect still here are some words of
warning the alkaline effect of this
drink is powerful so take it for about 2
weeks then take a break for the next 2
if you start to consume it too
enthusiastically your body might develop
alkalosis also if you have gastritis do
not use this remedy are you impressed
with all the health benefits you can get
without much effort like this video we
are going to tell you several other
secret ways to use lemons lemon with
olive oil
this drink is used as a very effective
cleanser for your body it concentrates
its efforts on the gallbladder and liver
you can do the cleansing during a span
of 2 or 3 days it is better to start in
the morning and choose the days when you
don't need to be somewhere away from
home you might need the bathroom quite
frequently to prepare this detoxifying
drink mix 6 ounces of freshly squeezed
lemon juice with 1 tablespoon of olive
oil extra virgin is preferable then add
8 ounces of water to this mixture and
blend all this you should drink it
immediately otherwise the ingredients
will start to separate drink it two
times a day in the morning and the
evening and avoid eating anything solid
during the day within 24 hours after
finishing the cleansing eat only raw
vegetables and fruits lemon with sea
salt a glass of water with lemon juice
and sea salt can become a nice beginning
of your morning some professional
athletes start today exactly in this way
no wonder it increases the functioning
of your immune system improves digestion
and fights inflammation vitamin C
together with many minerals sea salt
contains helps your health vitality
energy level wellness and even improved
sex drive
these are just some variants of using
lemons for the benefits of your health
however there are some other less edible
and more unusual ways to put this berry
into action cleaning the whole house
make some baking soda with liquid dish
soap and such proportions that will
allow you to make a paste spread this
paste on half a lemon then instead of an
ordinary sponge for scrubbing sinks
bathtubs and wash basins use the device
you have made you will see the shining
result shoe polish take 2 tablespoons of
lemon juice and 3 tablespoons of olive
oil put it on your leather shoes with
the dry cloth and leave it on for a
couple of minutes a bit later wipe it
off with a tissue or another cloth the
same way you can polish your wooden
furniture
fly repellent to get rid of some nasty
flies you will need two components lemon
and clover flies hate the smell of
cloves and they are well known to
dislike lemons as well such a
combination will make it a very
effective repellent cut a lemon into two
parts poke about 10 cloves into each
part of the lemon after that place the
plate in the middle of the room or
wherever you need it enjoy your fly less
life and now just several more facts
about lemons as promised if you sprinkle
lemon juice over other fruits they won't
turn brown in the past Clemons were so
rare that Kings used to send them as
presents to each other lemon served as a
very common name for both boys and girls
in the 1900s
the biggest lemon weighed 11 pounds and
nine point seven ounces it was picked in
2003 what are the uses for lemons do you
know share them with us in the comments
below
and please hit the like button and
subscribe to our Channel see you soon on
the bright side
you